Update monitor-new-relic-integration.md (#21839)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/monitor-new-relic-integration.md

---
title: Integrate TiDB Cloud with New Relic
summary: Learn how to monitor your TiDB cluster with the New Relic integration.
---

# Integrate TiDB Cloud with New Relic

TiDB Cloud supports New Relic integration. You can configure TiDB Cloud to send metrics of your TiDB clusters to [New Relic](https://newrelic.com/). After that, you can directly view these metrics in your New Relic dashboards.

## New Relic integration version

> TiDB Cloud has supported New Relic integration (Beta) since April 11, 2023. Starting from July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud introduces an enhanced version of the integration. Starting from September 30, 2025, New Relic integration becomes generally available (GA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud has supported the project-level New Relic integration (Beta) since March 4, 2022. Starting from July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud introduces the cluster-level New Relic integration (Preview). Starting from September 30, 2025, the cluster-level New Relic integration becomes generally available (GA).
```

> - **New Relic integration**: if no Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud provides the optimized version of New Relic integration so you can experience the latest enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cluster-level New Relic integration**: if no Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud provides the cluster-level New Relic integration so you can experience the latest enhancements.
```

> - **New Relic integration (Beta)**: if at least one Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations in the beta version to avoid affecting current dashboards. The legacy project-level Datadog and New Relic integrations will be deprecated on October 31, 2025. If your organization is still using these legacy integrations, follow this guide to migrate to the new cluster-level integrations and minimize disruptions to your metrics-related services. For more information about how to migrate Datadog and New Relic integrations, see [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/monitor-metrics-integration-migration-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Legacy project-level New Relic integration (Beta)**: if at least one Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations at the project level to avoid affecting current dashboards. Note that the legacy project-level New Relic integrations will be deprecated on October 31, 2025. If your organization is still using these legacy integrations, follow [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/monitor-metrics-integration-migration-guide.md) to migrate to the new cluster-level integrations and minimize disruptions to your metrics-related services.
```

> - **Legacy project-level New Relic integration (Beta)**: if at least one legacy project-level Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations at the project level in the beta version to avoid affecting current dashboards. Note that the legacy project-level New Relic integrations will be deprecated on October 31, 2025. If your organization is still using these legacy integrations, follow [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/monitor-metrics-integration-migration-guide.md) to migrate to the new cluster-level integrations and minimize disruptions to your metrics-related services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Legacy project-level New Relic integration (Beta)**: if at least one legacy project-level Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations at the project level in the beta version to avoid affecting current dashboards. Note that the legacy project-level New Relic integrations will be deprecated on October 31, 2025. If your organization is still using these legacy integrations, follow [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/migrate-metrics-integrations.md) to migrate to the new cluster-level integrations and minimize disruptions to your metrics-related services.
```

Depending on your [New Relic integration version](#new-relic-integration-version), the steps to access the integration page are different.

<SimpleTab>

> <div label="New Relic integration">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div label="Cluster-level New Relic integration">
```

3. Depending on your [New Relic integration version](#new-relic-integration-version), do one of the following:

>     - For New Relic integration, click **TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker** to view the new dashboard.
>     - For New Relic integration (Beta), click **TiDB Cloud Monitoring** to view the legacy dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For cluster-level New Relic integration, click **TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker** to view the new dashboard.
    - For legacy project-level New Relic integration (Beta), click **TiDB Cloud Monitoring** to view the legacy dashboard.
```
